hello everyone its Elena and si Jin Han
Andrew and Bruce and we're all law
students here at st. John's College at
the University of Cambridge and we
thought we're gonna do a Q&A for you
guys so if you guys have any questions
about our Cambridge experiences our
degree you know how much we're enjoying
cambridge i'm socialized so anything
really feel free to drop them in the
comments below or send me a message for
the conduct section of my blog which is
going to be linked in the infobox below
and you can also submit questions for my
Instagram story and we're gonna
hopefully answer all of your questions
in our next tune a video also if you
guys want to know more about these for
you guys I'm gonna have their social
media link Indian for box below and you
can check out their profiles thank you
guys so much for watching and we're
looking forward to making a Q&A video
bye if I did wrong okay so I do this and
I just say hello everyone it's Elena
okay I'm free hello everyone its Elena
twelve seconds later okay so now we need
to make a thumbnail that's hotter